---
title: Dashboards
---

THIS IS BRAND NEW INFORMATION! 15 Yemen Road, Yemen. Wait, what are you doing? Getting dressed. Why? Well, when I walk outside naked, people throw garbage at me. Suppose we're a divorced couple. Okay. And I got custody of the kid, right? Now, suppose the kid dies and I gotta buy a new kid. Hey, you know what I just realized? ‘Joker' is ‘poker' with a ‘J'. Coincidence? Hey, that's ‘joincidence' with a ‘C'. If you didn't eat fast, you didn't eat. How long do cats live? Like assuming you don't throw ‘em under a bus or something? Don't you put words in people's mouths, you put turkey in people's mouths!

They're still not coming on man! And the lotion and the powder have made a paste! I remember the day I got my first paycheck, there was a cave-in in one of the mines. It was summer... and it was hot. Rachel was there... A lonely grey couch..."OH LOOK!" cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The End. So basically you get your ya-yas from taking money from all of your friends? Yeah. Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less, so... Ah, salmon skin roll. Rules are good, rules control the fun! Uh, uh, we'll flip for it, ducks or clowns. Oh, we're gonna flip for the baby? You got a better idea? All right, call it in the air. Heads. Heads it is. Yess! Whoo! We have to assign heads to something! Right, okay, okay, uhhh, ducks is heads, because ducks...have heads. What kinda' scary-ass clowns came to your birthday!? I can hear the voices in my head again.

Come on Ross, you're a paleontologist, dig a little deeper. If I were in prison, you guys would be, like my bitches. I swear to god, Dad. That's not how they measure pants! Yeah, I definitely don't like the name Ross. What a weird way to kick me when I'm down. Could I BE wearing any more clothes? Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man. Just stop calling. Hey, Mon, look, I'm melting butter. That's great, Rach. You now have the cooking skills of a hot day. Well, the fridge broke and I had to eat everything.

Ah, salmon skin roll. Paper...snow.....a ghost!!! Uh, uh, we'll flip for it, ducks or clowns. Oh, we're gonna flip for the baby? You got a better idea? All right, call it in the air. Heads. Heads it is. Yess! Whoo! We have to assign heads to something! Right, okay, okay, uhhh, ducks is heads, because ducks...have heads. What kinda' scary-ass clowns came to your birthday!? Rules are good, rules control the fun! Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat? Okay, is everybody clear? We're gonna pick it up and move it. All we need is teamwork, okay? We're gonna lift the car... and slide it out. Lift... and slide. Je m'appelle Claude Fine! Judge all you want but: married a lesbian, left a man at the alter, fell in love with a gay ice dancer, threw a girl's wooden leg in a fire, LIVES IN A BOX!

Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat? How long do cats live? Like assuming you don't throw ‘em under a bus or something? Yeah, I definitely don't like the name Ross. What a weird way to kick me when I'm down. And remember, If I'm harsh with you, it's only because you're doing it wrong. He must decide. He must decide. Even though I made him up, he must decide! I may play the fool at times but I'm more than a pretty blonde girl with an ass that won't quit. It's a moo point. It's like a cow's opinion; it doesn't matter. It's moo. You've been BAMBOOZLED!
