---
title: Transactions
---

15 Yemen Road, Yemen. I'm not so good with the advice. Can I interest you in a sarcastic comment? You just said a bunch of stuff I don't know. Hey, Ross, I got a science question: If the homo sapiens were, in fact, HOMO sapiens...is that why they're extinct? Joey, homo sapiens are PEOPLE. Hey, I'm not judgin'! Condoms? We don't know how long we're gonna be stuck here. We might have to repopulate the world. And condoms are the way to do that? So, uh, what did the insurance company say? Oh, they said uh, "You don't have insurance here so stop calling us." Wait, what are you doing? Getting dressed. Why? Well, when I walk outside naked, people throw garbage at me. I was so focused on being mad at you, I forgot what it was I was mad about.

I tell you, when I actually die, some people are gonna get seriously haunted. Chandler. I sensed it was you. If I were in prison, you guys would be, like my bitches. Hey, you know what I just realized? ‘Joker' is ‘poker' with a ‘J'. Coincidence? Hey, that's ‘joincidence' with a ‘C'. I can hear the voices in my head again. 15 Yemen Road, Yemen. Sure I peed on her. And if I had to, I'd pee on any one of you! I'm gonna get all uncomfortable and probably make some stupid joke.

Welcome to the real world. It sucks. You're gonna love it! I'm gonna get all uncomfortable and probably make some stupid joke. They're still not coming on man! And the lotion and the powder have made a paste! Paper...snow.....a ghost!!! All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers... it doesn't make much of a difference. If you didn't eat fast, you didn't eat. It's a moo point. It's like a cow's opinion; it doesn't matter. It's moo. Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man. Just stop calling.

You just said a bunch of stuff I don't know. Phoebe, you worked in a mine? I swear to god, Dad. That's not how they measure pants! You know how you come home at the end of the day and throw your jacket on a chair? Yeah. Well, instead of a jacket, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of a chair, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of the end of the day, it's the end of time and garbage is all that has survived. Oh, are you setting Ross up with someone? Does she have a wedding dress? Uh, uh, we'll flip for it, ducks or clowns. Oh, we're gonna flip for the baby? You got a better idea? All right, call it in the air. Heads. Heads it is. Yess! Whoo! We have to assign heads to something! Right, okay, okay, uhhh, ducks is heads, because ducks...have heads. What kinda' scary-ass clowns came to your birthday!? I tell you, when I actually die, some people are gonna get seriously haunted. He must decide. He must decide. Even though I made him up, he must decide!

You just said a bunch of stuff I don't know. Could I BE wearing any more clothes? Chandler entered a Vanilla Ice look-alike contest and WON! Ross came fourth and CRIED! Hey, you know what I just realized? ‘Joker' is ‘poker' with a ‘J'. Coincidence? Hey, that's ‘joincidence' with a ‘C'. We would like some more alcohol. You know what else? We would like some more beers. I swear to god, Dad. That's not how they measure pants! Don't you put words in people's mouths, you put turkey in people's mouths! Getting over you was the hardest thing I ever had to do, and I never let myself thing about you.
