---
title: Wallets
---

Oh, are you setting Ross up with someone? Does she have a wedding dress? JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD. So, uh, what did the insurance company say? Oh, they said uh, "You don't have insurance here so stop calling us." He may not be my soul mate, but a girl's gotta eat. You think that's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years. Well, the fridge broke and I had to eat everything. THIS IS BRAND NEW INFORMATION! Getting over you was the hardest thing I ever had to do, and I never let myself thing about you.

I'm not so good with the advice. Can I interest you in a sarcastic comment? Just because she went to Yale drama, she thinks she's like the greatest actress since, since, sliced bread! Ah, Sliced Bread, a wonderful Lady MacBeth. Rules are good, rules control the fun! Suppose we're a divorced couple. Okay. And I got custody of the kid, right? Now, suppose the kid dies and I gotta buy a new kid. You could not be any more wrong. You could try, but you would not be successful. So, uh, what did the insurance company say? Oh, they said uh, "You don't have insurance here so stop calling us." It's a moo point. It's like a cow's opinion; it doesn't matter. It's moo. And remember, If I'm harsh with you, it's only because you're doing it wrong.

Rules are good, rules control the fun! I'm curvy and I like it. Condoms? We don't know how long we're gonna be stuck here. We might have to repopulate the world. And condoms are the way to do that? Guys, guess what?! Ok, the fifth dentist caved and now they're ALL recommending Trident? Yeah, I definitely don't like the name Ross. What a weird way to kick me when I'm down. It was summer... and it was hot. Rachel was there... A lonely grey couch..."OH LOOK!" cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The End. All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers... it doesn't make much of a difference. Suppose we're a divorced couple. Okay. And I got custody of the kid, right? Now, suppose the kid dies and I gotta buy a new kid.

Condoms? We don't know how long we're gonna be stuck here. We might have to repopulate the world. And condoms are the way to do that? Paper...snow.....a ghost!!! So basically you get your ya-yas from taking money from all of your friends? Yeah. Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less, so... One really does have a stick up one's ass. Doesn't one? I wish I could help you but I don't want to. I can hear the voices in my head again. And remember, If I'm harsh with you, it's only because you're doing it wrong. I may play the fool at times but I'm more than a pretty blonde girl with an ass that won't quit.

Welcome to the real world. It sucks. You're gonna love it! I was so focused on being mad at you, I forgot what it was I was mad about. Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man. Just stop calling. Uh, uh, we'll flip for it, ducks or clowns. Oh, we're gonna flip for the baby? You got a better idea? All right, call it in the air. Heads. Heads it is. Yess! Whoo! We have to assign heads to something! Right, okay, okay, uhhh, ducks is heads, because ducks...have heads. What kinda' scary-ass clowns came to your birthday!? Wait, what are you doing? Getting dressed. Why? Well, when I walk outside naked, people throw garbage at me. It's a moo point. It's like a cow's opinion; it doesn't matter. It's moo. No I worked in a Dairy Queen. Suppose we're a divorced couple. Okay. And I got custody of the kid, right? Now, suppose the kid dies and I gotta buy a new kid.
