---
title: Unity
---

Don't you put words in people's mouths, you put turkey in people's mouths! I'm not great at the advice. Can I interest you in a sarcastic comment? I wish I could help you but I don't want to. You could not be any more wrong. You could try, but you would not be successful. 15 Yemen Road, Yemen. Well, the fridge broke and I had to eat everything. He may not be my soul mate, but a girl's gotta eat. I was so focused on being mad at you, I forgot what it was I was mad about.

Guys, guess what?! Ok, the fifth dentist caved and now they're ALL recommending Trident? Could I BE wearing any more clothes? He may not be my soul mate, but a girl's gotta eat. I've got this uncontrollable need to please people. Come on Ross, you're a paleontologist, dig a little deeper. We would like some more alcohol. You know what else? We would like some more beers. Wait, what are you doing? Getting dressed. Why? Well, when I walk outside naked, people throw garbage at me. You know how you come home at the end of the day and throw your jacket on a chair? Yeah. Well, instead of a jacket, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of a chair, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of the end of the day, it's the end of time and garbage is all that has survived.

THIS IS BRAND NEW INFORMATION! I'm not so good with the advice. Can I interest you in a sarcastic comment? Hey, you know what I just realized? ‘Joker' is ‘poker' with a ‘J'. Coincidence? Hey, that's ‘joincidence' with a ‘C'. Fine! Judge all you want but: married a lesbian, left a man at the alter, fell in love with a gay ice dancer, threw a girl's wooden leg in a fire, LIVES IN A BOX! I was so focused on being mad at you, I forgot what it was I was mad about. I've got this uncontrollable need to please people. Je m'appelle Claude Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?

Guys, guess what?! Ok, the fifth dentist caved and now they're ALL recommending Trident? Sure I peed on her. And if I had to, I'd pee on any one of you! Wait, what are you doing? Getting dressed. Why? Well, when I walk outside naked, people throw garbage at me. You think that's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years. Should I use my invisibility to fight crime or for evil? THIS IS BRAND NEW INFORMATION! You just said a bunch of stuff I don't know. I may play the fool at times but I'm more than a pretty blonde girl with an ass that won't quit.

How long do cats live? Like assuming you don't throw ‘em under a bus or something? I was so focused on being mad at you, I forgot what it was I was mad about. I remember the day I got my first paycheck, there was a cave-in in one of the mines. Sure I peed on her. And if I had to, I'd pee on any one of you! Could I BE wearing any more clothes? So basically you get your ya-yas from taking money from all of your friends? Yeah. Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less, so... I wish I could help you but I don't want to. Oh... my... God! 
