---
title: Staking
---

Wait, what are you doing? Getting dressed. Why? Well, when I walk outside naked, people throw garbage at me. Oh, are you setting Ross up with someone? Does she have a wedding dress? You think that's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years. Rules are good, rules control the fun! Welcome to the real world. It sucks. You're gonna love it! Chandler. I sensed it was you. How long do cats live? Like assuming you don't throw ‘em under a bus or something? So, uh, what did the insurance company say? Oh, they said uh, "You don't have insurance here so stop calling us."

I tell you, when I actually die, some people are gonna get seriously haunted. Sure I peed on her. And if I had to, I'd pee on any one of you! Fine! Judge all you want but: married a lesbian, left a man at the alter, fell in love with a gay ice dancer, threw a girl's wooden leg in a fire, LIVES IN A BOX! Chandler. I sensed it was you. Okay, is everybody clear? We're gonna pick it up and move it. All we need is teamwork, okay? We're gonna lift the car... and slide it out. Lift... and slide. Hey, Ross, I got a science question: If the homo sapiens were, in fact, HOMO sapiens...is that why they're extinct? Joey, homo sapiens are PEOPLE. Hey, I'm not judgin'! I wish I could help you but I don't want to. Hey, just so you know: it's NOT that common, it DOESN'T happen to every guy, and it IS a big deal!

I can hear the voices in my head again. No I worked in a Dairy Queen. Over the line? You are so far past the line that you can't even see the line. The line is a dot to you. If you didn't eat fast, you didn't eat. You've been BAMBOOZLED! Je m'appelle Claude My motto is get out before they go down. That is so not my motto. It's a moo point. It's like a cow's opinion; it doesn't matter. It's moo.

Je m'appelle Claude They're still not coming on man! And the lotion and the powder have made a paste! Hey, just so you know: it's NOT that common, it DOESN'T happen to every guy, and it IS a big deal! Come on Ross, you're a paleontologist, dig a little deeper. I was so focused on being mad at you, I forgot what it was I was mad about. Should I use my invisibility to fight crime or for evil? Suppose we're a divorced couple. Okay. And I got custody of the kid, right? Now, suppose the kid dies and I gotta buy a new kid. So basically you get your ya-yas from taking money from all of your friends? Yeah. Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less, so...

Yeah, I definitely don't like the name Ross. What a weird way to kick me when I'm down. If you didn't eat fast, you didn't eat. Paper...snow.....a ghost!!! Uh, uh, we'll flip for it, ducks or clowns. Oh, we're gonna flip for the baby? You got a better idea? All right, call it in the air. Heads. Heads it is. Yess! Whoo! We have to assign heads to something! Right, okay, okay, uhhh, ducks is heads, because ducks...have heads. What kinda' scary-ass clowns came to your birthday!? Here come the meat sweats... One really does have a stick up one's ass. Doesn't one? You can't just give up. Is that what a dinosaur would do? You think that's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years.
